[APM] Add a script that bootstraps a cluster and generates apm data (#123791)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/plugins/apm/scripts/bootstrap_apm/README.md

# Getting started

> A script for creating an elastic stack deployment on a remote cluster using `ecctl` and generating APM data using apm-sythtrace tool.

Reviewer: Smal
```suggestion
A script for creating an elastic stack deployment on a remote cluster using `ecctl` and generating APM data using [apm-synthtrace](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/tree/main/packages/elastic-apm-synthtrace) tool.
```

Author: fixed https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/123791/commits/1fc855e5a343afe3e14bec3b4f02ea1a54840fd0

## Prerequisites for running the script

- [ecctl](https://www.elastic.co/downloads/ecctl) installed
- API key
  - You can generate a key on [staging](https://staging.found.no/deployment-features/keys)
- Make sure you have installed Kibana dependencies

## Configuration

> Update the following configuration with your own credentials and store it your home directory `$HOME/.ecctl/config.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the following configuration with your own credentials and store it in your home directory `$HOME/.ecctl/config.json`
```

Author: fixed https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/123791/commits/1fc855e5a343afe3e14bec3b4f02ea1a54840fd0

> Update the following configuration with your own credentials and store it your home directory `$HOME/.ecctl/config.json`

Reviewer: I guess just using `ecctl init` won't give you https://staging.found.no as a default host choice, right?

Author: right, with `ecctl init` you can select between the 3 Elastic cloud offerings

1. Elasticsearch Service (default).
2. Elastic Cloud Enterprise (ECE).
3. Elasticsearch Service Private (ESSP).

For the option 1  (which is also the default) the host will be `https://cloud.elastic.co` for the other 2 you need to define URL of your service

> Update the following configuration with your own credentials and store it in your home directory `$HOME/.ecctl/config.json`

Reviewer 2: It's probably best to have folks bootstrap the confguration through `ecctl init`
 https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecctl/current/ecctl-configuring.html

```
$HOME/.ecctl/config.json

{
  "host": "https://staging.found.no",
  "api_key": "API_KEY",
  "region": "us-west-2",
  "output": "text",
  "timeout": 30000000000,

>   "insecure": true

Reviewer: Out of interest, why skip TLS validation with `"insecure": true`?

Reviewer 2: `ecctl init` generates this as well out of the box, wonder why indeed.

>   "region": "us-west-2",

Reviewer 2: Should we document an EU region as default?

Author: generated by `ecctl init` but as far I can see staging has only gcp-us-central1 region available. Updated the template

}
```

## Run script

From kibana root

`bash x-pack/plugins/apm/scripts/bootstrap_apm/src/run.sh -n 'apm-bootstrap-with-data'`

The following options are supported:
| Option | Description | Default |
| ------------------| ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| `-v` | Stack version | `7.17.0`
| `-n` | Deployment name | `performance-apm-cluster`
| `-r` | Region | `gcp-us-central1`
| `-p` | Hardware profile | gcp-cpu-optimized`

> The script will try to bootstrap automatically a remote cluster with the following settings and it will use [01_simple_trace.ts](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/tree/main/packages/elastic-apm-synthtrace/src/scripts/examples/01_simple_trace.ts) to generate data

Reviewer 2: In a follow up PR we should have a flag to select a scenario by name.

Author: Added two flags to configure apm-synthtrace(https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/123791/commits/41cfe8bc3af49271b4934f4f2ad1279eeecc7acc) 

1. `-s` for data scenario
2.  `-o` for synthtrace options 

For example, 
`bash x-pack/plugins/apm/scripts/bootstrap_apm/src/run.sh -v "7.16.3" -s 03_monitoring.ts -o '--workers 3 --clientWorkers 2'`
